we're here heavy the grease that daily
dose cafe is gonna show you everything
it's not about ordering espresso and it
special place drinks vessel how this
portrays that you see partisans of
espresso
so the one we have here next to it is a
servicer it's a perfect combination when
you don't want a lot of milk and you
want to something as an abuti up and
give you a lot of energy quick
and then you got the cappuccino so if
you want to have more milk than the
litter box or the boxers are to be
really concentrated this isn't be less
concentrated force of the milk way over
and then we have covered Big Daddy gears
as far this is 12 onslaught say it's two
shots of espresso so you get our seven
ounces of milk
you can take the sweetness of the
special all this drinks the honey that
huckleberry and all the various that
mixed with the one and that's what we're
serving for barrel
thank you for showing us all these
espresso bitch drinks and now you know
what to order at your local coffee shop
and if you're in LA you should have come
to daily dose cafe and get a great drink
from every day don't forget we also make
iced Loftus and ice cold drink so you
become especially right now this
summer's coming in this ski isn't like
you everyone so please see in the adding
in combines Android that he doesn't
happiness